---
layout: post
title: AAII Technical Lecture Series (ATLS-3)
subtitle: Dr. Banriskhem K. Khonglah, Senior Researcher at Cerence Inc, Germany
tags: [interviews, machine-learning]
---

The use of machine learning (ML) technology has already been increasing over the past few years. This technological advancement increases the number of jobs in diverse industrial sectors, where ML is the primary component—thereby growing the demand for engineers/scientists/researchers with expertise in ML. 

In this version of ATLS, our invited speaker gave a brief overview of different aspects of ML interview and how one should structure his/her interview preparation process. 

Speaker: Dr. Banriskhem K. Khonglah, Senior Researcher,  Cerence Inc, Germany
Topic: Requisites for General Machine Learning Interviews
Date: 13 December 2020
Time: 5 PM (IST)

About speaker:
Dr. Banriskhem K. Khonglah is a Senior Researcher at Cerence Inc, Germany, the automotive division of Nuance, working in Language Modeling for Automatic Speech Recognition (ASR). He did his Ph.D. from IIT Guwahati in the area of speech music classification. Before joining Cerence Inc, he worked as a post-doctoral researcher at Idiap Research Institute, Switzerland, in the IARPA project "MAchine Translation for English Retrieval of Information in Any Language" (MATERIAL) for ASR and as a Data Scientist at KOViD Analytics, Guwahati. He has a demonstrated history of working in the research industry with applications such as audio classification, speech enhancement, and speech recognition. He published papers in reputed journals and conferences. 
[Linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/banriskhem-k-khonglah-60147589/)
[Google Scholar](https://www.linkedin.com/in/banriskhem-k-khonglah-60147589/)

About the talk:
Presentation link

# The outline of the talk was -
* General Preparations
* Interview process
* achine Learning
* Research
* Coding
* Case Studies